# N64-Gameshark-EEPROM-dumps
This is a dump of all of the N64 Gameshark EEPROM chips that I have been able to buy or borrow. Let me know if you have more, I can add it to this. I originally started this because I "bricked" my childhood gameshark with an Everdrive. I could be wrong but I do not recall the first N64 Everdrive having gameshark code support and I was mainly just testing N64 accessories combinations. 

I mostly keep the older versions for historical purposes, if you just want the best or most current firmware revision (that works with the most games) 3.30 is the firmware you want to use. I obtained it by using the Windows XP/98 Gameshark PC Program and a serial cable on "3.2" hardware. There is 3.30 gamesharks from the factory, however they lack the serial port on the back and digital counter on the front of the hardware. The 3.3 firmware from the pc program seems different from the firmware on the 3.3 cartridges from the factory; however as far as I can tell ALL versions of the gameshark firmware are compatible with ALL hardware revisions. I have put 1.0 firmware on a 3.2 gameshark just to see if it works and indeed it does.

These were dumped after confirming that Super Mario 64 was the key code selected, and I verified that SM64 booted. If the incorrect key code was selected for a game you do not own, these files will allow you to "un-brick" your gameshark. They are labelled as Top or Bottom chip and I listed the brand of chip, however the brand doesn't matter for updating or overwriting firmware. You will need to select the correct brand for your chip writer however.

While not correct, when I first started this project, I used a regular heat gun to heat up the solder points for the chips, and a screwdriver to knock them off and put them in the writer. Solder paste and a regular soldering iron was used to reattach them after writing and I recommend that method to anyone on a budget or just doing this once. I do NOT recommend soldering a chip socket onto the gameshark motherboard, it will not read reliably or consistent. 

The chip programmer I used is found on Amazon and is listed as Tl866ii, the chip type that holds the information on the gamesharks is PLCC32. Make sure your eeprom reader/writer has a socket that can fit those. 

I desoldered various chips and dumped them directly, (although nowadays the sanni cart reader supposedly can rewrite the chips without opening the gamesharks. If you want to pay for one)
